README.md, before:

# Chatbots, Machine Learning & AI

## Welcome User

## Deploy to Azure

See <https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp> for a detailed description.

* Create a Azure AD App Registration
    * **az ad app create --display-name "SickBot" --password "AtLeastSixteenCharacters_0" --available-to-other-tenants**
    * Remember the **AppId** and **PWD** for later use
* Deploy with ARM Template from the Visual Studio Solution  
    * Navigate to the **DeploymentTemplates** Sub directory
    * **az group deployment create --name "SickBotDeployment" --resource-group "SickBot" --template-file "template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<msa-app-guid>" appSecret="<msa-app-password>" botId="SickBot" newWebAppName="SickBot" newAppServicePlanName="SickBot" appServicePlanLocation="westeurope"**
* Prepare code for deployment
    * Navigate to root directory
    * **az bot prepare-deploy --lang Csharp --code-dir "." --proj-file-path "SickBot.csproj"**
* Deploy code
    * Deploy with Visual Studio
    * Update the settings
* Test in Web Chat

## Debug with ngrok

Download ngrok and start **ngrok http 3978 -host-header="localhost:3978**

## Add LUIS

We just created a bot which accepts messages. With this, we could create a command oriented UI like a console app. But we want a more smart solution. We will use LUIS to add natural language processing to catch the intent of the user.

## Add Authentication to Azure AD

See <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp%2Cbot-oauth>

* Check connection and paste the token to <https://jwt.ms/>

## Add domain logic for notification of illness

Now we have all details of the user by authentication and the indent. We will start adding the domain logic now. Notify back office and cancel appointments.

## Add Teams channel

Commit message:

Reduce to sample welcome user

README.md, after:

# Chatbots, Machine Learning & AI

This is a cook bock for developing a chat bot for Teams. The steps are in several branches to reduce the complexity of the code.

Check out the **01_welcome_user** branch.

## Welcome User

This is the reduced *Core Bot* Template from Visual Studio. The *IBot* is the *DialogAndWelcomeBot* with the *MainDialog*. So all incoming messages are routed to *DialogAndWelcomeBot* and then to *MainDialog*.

In *DialogAndWelcomeBot* we create a adaptive card. *MainDialog* has a waterfall dialog with a prompt an echo.

## Deploy to Azure

See <https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-deploy-az-cli?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp> for a detailed description.

* Create a Azure AD App Registration
    * **az ad app create --display-name "SickBot" --password "AtLeastSixteenCharacters_0" --available-to-other-tenants**
    * Remember the **AppId** and **PWD** for later use
* Deploy with ARM Template from the Visual Studio Solution  
    * Navigate to the **DeploymentTemplates** Sub directory
    * **az group deployment create --name "SickBotDeployment" --resource-group "SickBot" --template-file "template-with-preexisting-rg.json" --parameters appId="<msa-app-guid>" appSecret="<msa-app-password>" botId="SickBot" newWebAppName="SickBot" newAppServicePlanName="SickBot" appServicePlanLocation="westeurope"**
* Prepare code for deployment
    * Navigate to root directory
    * **az bot prepare-deploy --lang Csharp --code-dir "." --proj-file-path "SickBot.csproj"**
* Deploy code
    * Deploy with Visual Studio
    * Update the settings
* Test in Web Chat

## Debug with ngrok

Download ngrok and start **ngrok http 3978 -host-header="localhost:3978**

## Add LUIS

We just created a bot which accepts messages. With this, we could create a command oriented UI like a console app. But we want a more smart solution. We will use LUIS to add natural language processing to catch the intent of the user.

## Add Authentication to Azure AD

See <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp%2Cbot-oauth>

* Check connection and paste the token to <https://jwt.ms/>

## Add domain logic for notification of illness

Now we have all details of the user by authentication and the indent. We will start adding the domain logic now. Notify back office and cancel appointments.

## Add Teams channel
